Hi guys, in this tuto I want to create a
realistic
uh cave like this using the real engine
5.7
uh final version. Okay,
let's go.
Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
After that, let's create a new project.
Select third person as template. Rename
the project. Okay. Gives uh arcade
landscape. Hit create.
Uh okay. Now, let's go here to file new
level. Uh set basic layer for now.
Okay. And let's go right here. Set this
environment light right here. and go
down. Enamel this polytric fog. After
that, save this level. I save current
level. Rename it cave
Iceland. Yes,
it's safe. Uh now
close the project for now. Okay, before
we close the project,
let's go right here. Uh show and
explore.
and go to my key this one. Go here to
content. Close this one. Uh follow me
step by step uh to work
exactly the same steps
because you don't follow the steps I
that's I said uh that's not works for
you.
Okay, go here to the escape key. We have
these four folders
grow
legendary can download
from project files. Okay. Select both of
them and hit
here. Paste it in this place. Okay. And
now let's return right here to my cave
ls project. I really want to
open it. Close this one and close this.
Okay. Now let's go here to confirm
drawer. Open my cave ls and let's begin
the work. Okay. Delete this landscape
landscape water.
Okay. Now hit create.
My landscape is created right now. Now I
want to show my material. Let's go here
to content drawer. This is my material
give materials.
Okay. You can enable this static mesh to
show the material or can go here static
mesh P and other things. For me, I want
to show all of them by going right here
and enable it static mesh disable in it.
Okay, all my assets are here.
Okay, it works fine.
Now
select all by pressing Ctrl A or control
keyboard
and enable Nite for those meshes.
>> Uh okay fine night it's enabled.
Now let's return right here. We have to
download some other assets from the P
marketplace.
Okay. Uh, now let's go here to the fab.
>> Now let's search for cl
price for free.
Okay.
This
to choose
80.
Please don't set
Okay, I think it's fine. Now go here and
download the material material and
texture.
>> Let's see. When you walk this dry sand
[snorts] for this tutorial, uh for this
material only, I chose raw quality or
better add to my project.
Uh okay, fine. Close this. Now, let's
return here to the landscape mode
and let's make some sculpting right
here.
Take this speed of camera off.
Okay.
Make some sculpting in this landscape.
Make this erase.
Okay. Fine.
Now I think it's good. The selection
mode. Go to basic set. Start here.
and select third person as a reference.
Make this one right here. Go here to
content
character
messes and choose character as a
reference.
Okay. And let's begin.
Uh let's go here
now
and go to content materials
as static mesh. Let's choose static mesh
only.
Select all of them and enable
it's enabled by default.
Now, let's go here. Go down
all those glyphs.
Press
and begin pressing. Okay.
Okay. The corner. Rotate it by pressing
E.
Make it bigger.
Okay.
Okay. Make it right here.
Press.
>> Okay. Select this one. Press V
and rotate it 180°.
Okay.
Press W. And I'll duplicate this one
right here.
Okay, let's see.
>> And I'll and press this. Duplicate this.
Okay. Fine.
Go here. Duplicate this one by pressing
alt and this.
Okay. to make that more realistic.
Okay.
Same thing as
the speed of the camera.
[clears throat]
Okay. Watch this. I'm going to use this
one later.
There it is.
Okay. Make it smaller.
And let's go ahead and continue our
cave.
Okay, we have to do the same
180°.
Press E. Duplicate this one.
Okay. Duplicate another time.
Rotate it.
And this small things was small because
as you can see
now let's pick this one up. [snorts]
Make it down.
Rotate it.
Move to recreate escape.
and up.
Uh let's add our
third person character right here.
Basically,
okay, there is a problem. What's this
problem? Let's fix it.
Uh
let's go here. Where is the player sub?
Delete the first one and delete the
second one. All right. Hit the basics.
Start
make it here in this place.
>> Okay, I think this good. Okay, make it
right here.
Now let's
see what is this mess. Go ahead
surfaces draw
material.
Uh go down select landscape and go down
right here.
Click right here and one click display
or we can drag it from here to here to
make work. Okay. Now double click on it.
Here we have to adjust the piling
uh global piling
>> to make it realistic. Let's make 0.1.
Let's see.
Okay, fine.
0.1
Okay, finally.
And now just offset
and go here
the normal.
Okay.
Uh now it's
looks realistic. And let's see.
Okay, it looks realistic. Real as a real
uh dessert.
Okay, now
uh let's go here. Save all.
After saving all, let's return here to
the content right here and enable static
mesh another time.
Now, let's continue with our cave.
Let's add some materials.
Okay, this one right here.
Make it here. Now
let's rotate this one. Press V.
Duplicate it another time. Rotate it.
Okay. Press R. Duplicate this one.
Okay. And let's see.
Okay. This one make it here.
I have this one from here
and drafts added.
I want to go here. Open it.
And let's go here and search for two
sides
to
site this uh distance speed generation.
Uh, okay.
Uh, close it.
I save it right here and close it.
Now write here.
Select this
details. Go here to materials.
Okay, let's close it. Okay, return here
to my material and open it. After
opening this material, let's go here.
Make it in this place. Now send double
click right here in the material.
Okay, parent material parent material
and press this two sides. After pressing
this, I
think it works. Okay, fine.
Okay, now select this one.
Press W.
Okay, I duplicate it and I want to take
it after this material
here.
Make this one. [clears throat]
Okay. And this one.
Okay. Fine.
No.
And let's make it bigger.
Okay, return here content
the static mesh
>> from here.
Let's make this one
bigger.
Okay.
Press R.
Rotate it.
I'll duplicate it.
Okay,
I need to duplicate it one more time.
Okay, let's duplicate this one another
time and let's make it bigger.
I want things to be realistic.
Is this
this one right here?
going to take this
if
okay duplicate Fine.
Okay. Fine. Now
press alt.
Go right here and go right here. Press
another time.
Okay.
Okay. Fine.
Now, let's do the same thing here.
Press Alt duplicate. Rotate it
180°.
Go down right here.
duplicate it by pressing alt.
Make this space here. Duplicate
time and make it
down. And let's see. Okay.
Okay. I think it's good.
Now
uh let's go right here before to start
building those assets the other assets.
Let's close this.
Let's close this case.
Duplicate this asset.
Okay.
Press W. Alt the time.
Okay. Alt another time.
Okay, let's choose this.
Press Alt to duplicate it.
Rotate it.
And finally,
let's go down right here. I want to
close this cape
like this. Yeah.
And use this to set it.
Press Al.
Okay.
Okay, let's close this
off.
Okay. Make this one right here. Rotate
it.
Make it bigger.
>> What's this problem? Uh, okay.
Press W. Duplicate this one.
Press W.
And let's make it this one bigger here.
I want things works exactly that I
Okay, here.
Let's make the space
W and duplicate it another time.
W
Okay. And finally,
let's close it.
Huh?
Let's see.
Okay. Fine.
What is good?
Okay. There is problem right here. There
is two entries.
Let's close this problem. Okay. Now,
let's use the other assets.
Yeah.
Let's use this.
What's probability is delete anymore?
I don't want that.
>> Okay.
Okay. Press alt and duplicate this one
here.
Okay. Save button.
No.
Okay. Fix this problem.
Let's speed up.
Press two.
Okay, let's go here.
Make it this bigger
multiplicated.
Press alt and duplicate another toy.
Okay,
other problem is okay. Let's go here to
this road.
Make this one here.
This one.
Okay,
let's close it.
Press alt. Select this. Press press al
from this chrome.
And this close from here.
Press R duplicated.
Okay.
Let's make things realistic.
Okay. Ignore
this.
Now let's see
the video.
Okay, there is a problem of this
collision of those assets.
Let's fix this problem. Go here.
Uh, okay. Promise this method
and go right here. Open it. Double
click.
Search for collision. Pull here.
Collision enabled. Block all. Okay. Use
clicks. Uh collision as simple. And
let's see.
It works.
Okay, fine. It works.
Okay, this is how to create
a realistic cave. Look at this. It looks
very uh nice.
Okay, in this place there is no
lighting.
There is another problem of this
collision. Take this assets edit.
After editing, search for collision.
Okay. Collision of complexity
as simple. Hit save.
Okay, let's go.
And now let's set up the title in this
place.
Basic lighters. Let's create point
light.
Another point.
this place.
Okay, I think we have we have to use
another point line in this place.
And let's see.
again. There is no lighting in this
place.
Uh, okay. Let's choose this one.
So the ring of light
okay fine I think the lighting is set up
set up uh correctly.
Uh now let's see final one.
working
fine.
Okay,
thank you guys for watching. This is how
to create a realistic
cave using engine 5.7. Thank you for
watching guys.
Uh, subscribe for the channel, like,
comment,
uh, and go here to the better
on support me to get more tutorials like
this. Okay, thank you for watching.